docs(getting started): update expo tab. (#3700)
wix/Detox: docs/introduction/partials/_getting-started-expo.md

:::caution Note

Expo integration with Detox is entirely a community-driven effort.

> We have no special support for Expo projects, and we do not maintain any Expo-specific code or documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no special support for Expo projects in Detox, and we do not maintain any Expo-specific code or documentation.
```

> :::

Reviewer: Please add a newline before `:::` – this is a lint style.

Author: Done :+1:

> There is a tutorial on how to set up Detox with Expo projects, which you can find on Expo official documentation site: [Running E2E tests on EAS Build](https://docs.expo.dev/build-reference/e2e-tests/). It is a great starting point for projects that are using Expo.

Reviewer: There is a tutorial on [how to set up Detox with Expo projects][Expo guide], which you can find on the Expo official documentation site. It is a great starting point for projects that are using Expo.

For support on how to use Detox with Expo, you should contact the Expo team or the Expo community.

If you are experiencing a bug, which you believe is a Detox issue, please [open an issue](https://github.com/wix/Detox/issues) on our GitHub repository.

> This introduction section is useful for Expo projects, but the next [Project Setup] article, in particular, is **not enough** to complete the setup with Expo. Please follow the [Expo guide](https://docs.expo.dev/build-reference/e2e-tests/) instead.

Reviewer: I suggest removing the last paragraph. Let's add this reminder to the **Project Setup** tutorial instead – it already has an admonition:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1962469/201607484-67634e04-8a44-4bb4-a9b9-056cdb3aa3ff.png)

Author: done 👍🏼

> [Project Setup]: ../project-setup.mdx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Project Setup]: ../project-setup.mdx
[Expo guide]: https://docs.expo.dev/build-reference/e2e-tests
```
